[govee] New Govee LAN-API Binding (#15696)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.govee/README.md

```shell
arp -a | grep "MAC_ADDRESS"
```

### `govee-light` Thing Configuration

| Name            | Type    | Description                           | Default | Required | Advanced |
|-----------------|---------|---------------------------------------|---------|----------|----------|
| hostname        | text    | Hostname or IP address of the device  | N/A     | yes      | no       |
| macAddress      | text    | MAC address of the device             | N/A     | yes      | no       |
| deviceType      | text    | The product number of the device      | N/A     | yes      | no       |
| refreshInterval | integer | Interval the device is polled in sec. | 5       | no       | yes      |

## Channels

| Channel               | Type              | Read/Write | Description         |
|-----------------------|-------------------|------------|---------------------|
| brightness            | Percentage        | RW         |                     |
|                       | Switch            | RW         | Power On / OFF      |
| color                 | Color HSB Type    | RW         |                     |
| color-temperature     | Percentage        | RW         |                     |

> | color-temperature-abs | Color Temperature | RW         | in 2000-9000 Kelvin |

Reviewer: The Type column seems a bit confusing/mixed. What is it actually?

Author: The intent is to tell the user what item types are supported. I always get questions e.g. where the switch channel is. I reworked a bit.

Reviewer: But they are not item types? For color temperature that would be `Dimmer`. For color it would be `Color`. And for brightness also `Dimmer`. So I don't really get it that `color-temperature` is type "Color Temperature Percentage", or that `color` is type "Color HSB Type". Perhaps description could be used for distinguishing/explaining the difference between `color-temperature` and `color-temperature-abs`?

Author: Finally I got all working. So the binding should be now finished.

> 

Reviewer: Remove empty line:
```suggestion
```

> Note: you may have to add "%.0f K" as the state description when creating a color-temperature-abs item.

Reviewer: It would be even better to define `unit` metadata.

Can you also provide an example for textual configuration like all other bindings have?

Author: "It would be even better to define unit metadata."

Not sure how this can be done as I am not familiar with Unit ... and the mix between absolute value and percentage is already a challenge to support in a stable way. I'd rather leave that for later as I feel that a Color Temperature, even though expressed in Kelvin, IMHO to me is not really a "temperature".

Author: As for the textual config, I have long stopped using them, so it will take me some time to add that and try it out. Let me improve the documentation later after the release when i have more time, pls.

Reviewer: > "It would be even better to define unit metadata."
> 
> Not sure how this can be done as I am not familiar with Unit

```suggestion
Note: you may want to set Unit metadata to "K" when creating a color-temperature-abs item.
```
